Access Modifiers:
Access modifiers are used to implement an important feature of Object Oriented Programming known as Data Hiding.
Access modifiers or Access Specifiers in a class are used to set the accessibility of the class members. That is, 
it sets some restrictions on the class members not to get directly accessed by the outside functions.
There are 3 types of access modifiers available 
Public
Private
Protected
Note: If we do not specify any access modifiers for the members inside the class then by default the access modifier for 
the members will be Private.
Public: All the class members declared under public will be available to everyone. 
Private: The class members declared as private can be accessed only by the functions inside the class. 
Protected: Protected access modifier is similar to that of private access modifiers, the difference is that the 
class member declared as Protected are inaccessible outside the class but they can be 
accessed by any subclass(derived class) of that class.
Constuctor::
A constructor is a special method that is used to initialize a newly created object and is called just after the memory 
is allocated for the object. It can be used to initialize the objects to desired values or default values at 
the time of object creation. It is not mandatory for the coder to write a constructor for a class.
If no user-defined constructor is provided for a class, compiler initializes member variables to its default values.
Types:
1.Default constructor
--> constructor without any argument.
2.Parameterized constructor
-->constructor with arguments.
     1.one arg- constructor
           --> constructor with only one argument.
           2. two -arg constructor
             ---> constructor with two arguments.
3.Copy Constructor
The copy constructor is a constructor which creates an object by initializing it with an object of the same class, 
which has been created previously. The copy constructor is used to − Initialize one object from another of the same type.
Copy an object to pass it as an argument to a function.
